		    The Fortune-Mod: Perl Edition 1.1
			    (c) Oreolek 2007
			   Help on the program
The program is a analog of fortune-mod,cool C++ game for Unix systems.
If you ask me what this program is supposed to do...well.. it prints a random
adage.I must mention that I wrote only this program - all the cookies have been
borrowed from the original one.
So,what's the difference between my program and the classical?
My program is written in Perl,so it doesn't matter what kind of a machine do
you have.What really matters is do you have the Perl interpreter or not.
[If you don't (don't worry - it happens),you can always download the ActivePerl
one from http://www.activeperl.com or search the Internet for a minimal 
set (without the libraries).I haven't tested my program on another
interpreter because I don't know any other interpreter.]
The interpreted language is a great portability - you won't even need to
compile my program. And this is the 100% BugFree(tm) technology. :-)
So,this program must work.The classical one successfully compiled on my
machine, but it refused to give me even a note.So I decided to rewrite a
substitution for it.
There is only one difference which exists in the Linux fortune and doesn't in 
mine - this is percentage.I haven't worked about any percentage 
settings at all.So mine program is random,and its randomness is 
uncontrolled.

Mine program takes ALL files in the ./data directory.You are free to 
construct your own database in this directory.

Well,that's all with the complaining,I'll give you the help.

				THE HELP

Without any arguments,it prints a random funny message.It can be a 
quote,an aphorism,a joke - truly random.The arguments for my version 
are (the note 'no wisdom' means it prints no fortunes):

-b	NEW:clears the screen and then prints the truth
-v	prints program version only;no wisdom,just version
-f	prints the list of available fortune packs,no wisdom
-n	NEW:sets the number of cookies to be printed.Very,very useful!
-c	Prints the name of the file from which the cookie was read.
-w	Program will print the truth, wait for a while and only then close
itself.The time for waiting calculates from the lines of a cookie.As the manual of original fortune says:
This is useful if it is executed as part of the logout procedure  to  guarantee  that the message can be read before the screen is cleared.

I know the original C++ fortune can do more,but t's another program.I hope to include these features in version 1.2.
If the argument isn't working,try to put a space after it.I just made all of the arguments as options,not the flags,so the last argument can be missed.I'll fix it later.
Bye!Have a nice day!And be wise!

This program follows the principles of Tao.
